Core Container
The Core Container consists of the Core, Beans, Context, and Expression Language modules -

  - The Core module provides the fundamental parts of the framework, including the IoC and Dependency
    Injection features.
  - The Bean module provides BeanFactory, which is a sophisticated implementation of the factory pattern.
  - The Context module builds on the solid base provided by the Core and Beans modules and it is a medium
    to access any objects defined and configured. The ApplicationContext interface is the focal point of
    the Context module.
  - The SpEL module provides a powerful expression language for querying and manipulating an object graph
    at runtime.

Web
The Web layer consists of the Web, Web-MVC, Web-Socket, and Web-Portlet modules −

  - The Web module provides basic web-oriented integration features such as multipart file-upload
    functionality and the initialization of the IoC container using servlet listeners and a web-oriented
    application context.
  - The Web-MVC module contains Spring's Model-View-Controller (MVC) implementation for web applications.
  - The Web-Socket module provides support for WebSocket-based, two-way communication between the client
    and the server in web applications.
  - The Web-Portlet module provides the MVC implementation to be used in a portlet environment and mirrors
    the functionality of Web-Servlet module.




  -  The AOP module provides an aspect-oriented programming implementation allowing you to define method-
     interceptors and pointcuts to cleanly decouple code that implements functionality that should be
     separated.
  -  The Aspects module provides integration with AspectJ, which is again a powerful and mature AOP
     framework.
  -  The Instrumentation module provides class instrumentation support and class loader implementations to
     be used in certain application servers.
  -  The Messaging module provides support for STOMP as the WebSocket sub-protocol to use in applications.
     It also supports an annotation programming model for routing and processing STOMP messages from
     WebSocket clients.
  -  The Test module supports the testing of Spring components with JUnit or TestNG frameworks.
