The Spring Framework (Spring) is an open-source application framework that provides infrastructure
support for developing Java applications.
Spring helps developers create high performing applications using plain old Java objects (POJOs).

A framework is a large body of predefined code to which developers can add code to solve a problem in a
specific domain. There are many popular Java frameworks including Java Server Faces (JSF), Maven,
Hibernate, Struts, and Spring.


Why Spring?
Java programs are complex and feature many heavyweight components.
Spring is considered to be a secure, low-cost and flexible framework. Spring improves coding efficiency and
reduces overall application development time because it is lightweight -- efficient at utilizing system
resources -- and has a lot of support.
Spring removes tedious configuration work so that developers can focus on writing business logic.
Spring handles the infrastructure so developers can focus on the application.


How Spring works ---
A web application (layered architecture) commonly includes three layers:

    Presentation/view layer (UI) - This is the outermost layer which handles the presentation of content
                                   and interaction with the user.
    Business logic layer - The central layer that deals with the logic of a program.
    Data access layer - The deep layer that deals with data retrieval from sources.

Each layer is dependent on the other for an application to work. In other words, the presentation layer
talks to the business logic layer, which talks to the data access layer. Dependency is what each layer
needs to perform its function. A typical application has thousands of classes and many dependencies.


Without a Spring Framework, application code tends to be tightly coupled (interdependent), which is not
considered good coding practice. Loose coupling is ideal because loosely coupled components are independent,
meaning changes in one will not affect the operation of others.

Spring’s core logic is dependency injection. Dependency injection is a programming pattern that allows
developers to build more decoupled architectures.


For the Spring Framework to instantiate objects and populate the dependencies, a programmer simply tells
Spring which objects to manage and what the dependencies are for each class. A developer does so by using
annotations like:
@component - Lets Spring know which classes to manage (create). Marks the beans (objects) as managed
components, which means that Spring will autodetect these classes for dependency injection.

@autowired - Tells Spring how to handle the instantiation of the class (so it starts looking for that
dependency among components/classes to find a match). This spares developers from wiring with code and
allows Spring to find what needs to be injected where.


                                  LOOSELY COUPLED
Loose coupling is when an object gets the object to be used from external sources.

                                  TIGHTLY COUPLED
When a group of classes is highly dependent on each other, or we've classes that assume a lot of
responsibilities is called tight coupling.